al tranquilão welcome more galley
A class at the slide school today I go
to teach you to strike that the
that mellow air jump that is
your hand behind the legs
the maneuver that many people have
there are many people who
asked him to teach the maneuver in the
next class
So I 'm going to give you this trip.
today that the maneuver is very quiet and
make easier if you follow the
logic at the moment if you follow the
stages of the maneuver
You're sure to make it very easy.
It's a maneuver that you can do.
that the skateboard is 111 x 36 in the
longboard is a classic in the case the 60
inches up to those younger children
to see if it is possible to do this
maneuver is basically because you
need to know is the following you do not
can lift one 's own weight
There's no way you can get off the ground if you
You do not jump regardless of that.
it appears that the person is in the
downloaded tatá fergie year it is not so
You're jumping, there's a jump over there.
inside that wonder of your body
jump and take the skate along with you
your skateboard could not throw you up
Jump and take the skateboard with you without
It tells you exactly how many to do.
this maneuver
the skate does not jump who cares are you and
You carry the skateboard, let's go up.
the next I'll teach you now
is the basic principle to get it right
So you remember that the following
'you will jump and take the skateboard together
with you crouched down and that is why the
sebrae over there
this movement even though the skateboard is a
video with the scene you give a jolt to
to be able to take strength since already
it will be downloaded
You 're down a little bit, and you're
rises up every year
basically this
only now you're going to do what you want
managed to make it beautiful and solve
one step of the maneuver
now the next you will do the same
thing only that you will hold the skateboard and
when you jump
You'll bring the warmth in.
of you you leave loose knee that is
to be able to obey when you pull
the work arm does not have a problem, do not give
to fall, yes we are balanced use your
arm freshness gain more balance in
The top of the skateboard is what will you do if you go
to hold
You will skip to bring the days of
delicious protest you jump your
arm that is here doing you lift the
arm
understood if you stick your hand you will jump and
If Brazil gets loose on this you
Assert, lock him up for you.
feels that you are climbing on your arm in
that comes together
but it's two moves I take care of
you give on skateboard and other your
arm making the kit accompanies you
for this second way for this other
The way you're going to leave each one
near you will leave more weight on the
back and at the time you pull with your
hand and if this larger weight goes back
make the move late
and have your Thai pad come up later
is more or less like you boot
hand safety what will you leave the
weight of the hind foot
bigger stronger would only make it heavier
bringing farm to create a legacy for
create a delay between the movement of
today
so what happens are you
taking a stop already chewed
This is simplified to be able to
You guys hit the fastest to learn.
The faster I've been walking for over eight years
and I'll tell you the time I
I started to walk that she had no
right club
so you did not see people walking
did not you see people doing the
maneuver the first 36 that still heard in
Cold ground by brother Simon I play most loves
in the world and he was not even in the sped
the guy who loves the most in the world
But what can I say to you?
you are already receiving a
stop which gives a little easier
It was a while ago so do not give up.
from the quick stop if you make a mistake try again
inside again try again try to
new inside again try again
Leandro, because it's in your hand.
took the globe not only depends on the
effort you are making
to stop doing a favor
Did you like the video you got?
learn that was the last to you
share on your social network
click on the favorite tango comment make
possible for us to continue
propagating this material because so
how useful for you but how to be
useful for someone in the future will be very
useful to me today that you see there
so you can learn if you can share
this material liked the favorite video there
comments spreads helps us to live
separated was worth our panties